16:04:05 From Patrick to Everyone:

	Extra credit for doing them all?? :)
16:11:59 From Kavin Shingala to Everyone:

	Is this really the game developer’s fault? Or is it mostly the players behind it
16:12:02 From Connor Roth to Everyone:

	How do added features like skins and in game incentives increase social pressure and cause people to play longer?
16:12:21 From allison d to Everyone:

	im definitely guilty of that "one more game" concept haha. would you say this video game motivation is better or worse than things like infinite scrolling on social media?
16:13:48 From Henry Kozurek to Everyone:

	Replying to "How do added feature..."
	
	Once you spend money, you might feel like you need to keep playing using the skins in order to get your money's worth. I'm not sure if this is a malicious strategy by developers or just a product of spending money
16:14:23 From Rakesh Chandraraj to Everyone:

	Would you consider motivation in video games is something that's the player's fault or the game's fault. Regardless, should it be on the game developer's shoulders to fix it or the player's shoulders to resist?
16:14:37 From Adalia Truong to Everyone:

	I think there's some algorithm in games where if you lose a lot of rounds in a row, they give you an easier round so you can win, which encourages you to keep playing
16:15:06 From Sruthi Vempuluru to Everyone:

	Do you believe that there should be rules in place to make games less addictive such as taking more breaks?
16:15:17 From Harry Leverone to Everyone:

	Isn't every game designed to be fun? Would games even be fun without some type of psychological lure>
16:15:28 From Elise Chan to Everyone:

	Should developers be held accountable for using this tactic? If so, how can this be done?
16:15:29 From Eugene Min to Everyone:

	I think something that tends to keep me trapped in a game is to avoid ending on a loss because when I'm with a group we'll repeatedly play "one more game" until we finally win a game but this may take hours
16:16:04 From Henry Kozurek to Everyone:

	Some games have matches of different lengths. So a more competitive match could be 40 mins, but they offer a casual option that lasts around 8. Offering this choice might keep the player playing longer, but is that the fault of the developer for offering the choice?
16:16:30 From Neha Bangari to Everyone:

	How much of a role do these tactics play in people becoming addicted and is it ultimately in the player's control?
16:16:35 From Emily to Everyone:

	As a gaming company, you want to maximize profits—more gamers and longer gaming times. Although it can be unethical, I don’t see any issue with these added features leading to social gaming pressures. Business is business, and most industries persuasive their end users
16:17:03 From James Hall to Everyone:

	How do we decide how addictive a game can be before it becomes a problem. What's fine for some will be too much for others
16:23:44 From Henry Kozurek to Everyone:

	There are a couple of studies that call it compulsive gaming
16:29:39 From Dan to Everyone:

	Reacted to "There are a couple o..." with 👍
16:34:27 From Aaron Lambert to Everyone:

	Do you think that a battlepass is "more" ethical in comparison to something like a lootbox since the battle pass shows you exactly what you are going to get, while loot boxes have a chance of randomness to them?
16:34:32 From Farhan Mohammed to Everyone:

	What do you think should not be locked behind a Battle Pass?
16:34:41 From Dylan H to Everyone:

	Microtransactional systems in video games are very effective, especially when marketed toward children, who tend to spend more time online and are also more susceptible to social pressures. What would be the most ethical approach to microtransactions, between common systems such as loot boxes, battle passes, or a simple in-game shop?
16:34:43 From David Saffer to Everyone:

	How do you draw the line between neuromarketing and just normal marketing?
16:34:52 From Anthony Donberger to Everyone:

	Almost every online game these days has a battle pass, do you think that this over-saturation of the market will dissuade potential customers from purchasing battle passes?
16:35:02 From Kylo to Everyone:

	Do you think battle passes are the future for all video games or is there a further stage to evolve to? For example, for a long time video games have used loot boxes and only since around 2018 have they moved on to battle passes. Is there a stage beyond battle passes?
16:35:27 From Devanshu to Everyone:

	Are batle passes more addictive than lootboxes?
16:36:33 From Sean David Sy to Everyone:

	For Fortnite at least, I know that you were able to get a battle pass for free if you played the game enough, but you needed to play a lot to obtain it. Do we think it is better for users to play an unhealthy amount of hours to get it for free, or is it better to limit it to people who pay to get it?
16:37:11 From Campbell Griffin to Everyone:

	When overwatch switched from battlepass to lootbox I was so sad. the battlepass makes me play more because there's a lot of tiers. the lootboxes you get rewards no matter what. it feels like I miss out less with lootboxes
16:37:28 From Ken Lin to Everyone:

	I think it might be a change in expectations throughout the years. I have seen people complaining about some games not having such an (addicting) reward system when the game itself is fine.
16:37:53 From Joseph Mecherikunnel to Everyone:

	at what point do the battle passes or lootboxes become unethicable? is there a legitimate line or is it up to interpretation at what point it becomes difficult to gauge?
16:37:54 From Kylo to Everyone:

	Reacted to "When overwatch switc..." with 👏
16:38:47 From Aayush Jain to Everyone:

	Battle passes and loot boxes are both examples of micro transactions which still encourage a form of gambling permitted to younger minds. Why not opt for a free ads or randomized wheel spinning that permits users to get those options while also reducing extra spending for customers. Through ad revenues companies can monetize their applications
16:41:40 From Sami Kunaish to Everyone:

	Are lootboxes/battle passes more predatory or "evil" than false or misleading advertisements. Is there a choice among these that it "better" or more ethical?
16:52:35 From Atin Kolli to Everyone:

	Do systems of unethical rewards impact only young kids or do they extend to adults as well?
16:52:51 From Liam McBride to Everyone:

	I never really felt like gamified educational tools created a lot of pull for me to achieve the rewards. Have there been studies to directly compare the gamified experience to the non-gamified version?
16:53:38 From Farhan Mohammed to Everyone:

	Are there any examples of gamification attempts in school? How could gamifications be applied well in educational settings?
16:57:10 From Noah Provenzano to Everyone:

	Does gratification affect certain sections of the population more than others even within children such as gender?
16:57:48 From Ken Lin to Everyone:

	PackBack gamifies discussions somewhat!! We get points for writing quality posts and then we're put on a leaderboard
16:58:01 From Fiona Mustard to Everyone:

	Would Duolingo be a good example of language gamification? Everyone I know who uses it complains about the number of alerts they get. I know, once I start focusing more on maintaining my streak than actually learning new vocabulary, I need a break.
16:59:44 From Adalia Truong to Everyone:

	honestly I would really appreciate it if we got stickers for doing things in college
17:03:57 From Dan to Everyone:

	Reacted to "honestly I would rea..." with 😆
17:04:36 From Dan to Everyone:

	Reacted to "honestly I would rea..." with ⭐
17:10:05 From David Lee to Everyone:

	With the concern of security with the system of kernel in the realm of games, are there alternatives to the current system that can minimize or remove any risk with the current system?
17:10:06 From Jerry Morris to Everyone:

	Does it work like this for mobile devices as well? Is having Genshin on an iPhone a security risk?
17:11:00 From liam to Everyone:

	How would you suggest that companies provide effective anti-cheat without it being kernal level? We know that cheating is rampant in many gaming communities and kernal level anti-cheat seriously reduces the number of cheaters. AI will simply result in false positives that will punish consumers who are innocent.